[Fix] - Deploy Blockchain to Polkadot (#163)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/blockchains/get-started/deploy-blockchain-to-polkadot.md

- **Generate chain specifications** - the chain spec file defines the structure and configuration of your blockchain. It includes initial node identities, session keys, and other parameters. Defining a well thought-out chain specification ensures that your network will operate smoothly and according to your intended design

> - **Deployment environment** - whether launching a local test network or a production-grade blockchain, selecting the proper infrastructure is vital. For further information about these topics, see the [Infrastructure](/infrastructure/){target=\_blank} section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deployment environment** - whether launching a local test network or a production-grade blockchain, selecting the proper infrastructure is vital. For further information about these topics, see the [Infrastructure](/infrastructure/){target=\_blank} section
```

- **Acquire coretime** - to build on top of the Polkadot network, users need to acquire coretime (either on-demand or in bulk) to access the computational resources of the relay chain. This allows for the secure validation of parachain blocks through a randomized selection of relay chain validators

    !!! note

>         It’s important to mention that, in the case of launching a blockchain that is not intended to work under the [Cumulus protocol](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/build-pdk#cumulus){target=\_blank} (as it could be the case for a solochain, for example), this step is not required and can be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you’re building a standalone blockchain (solochain) that won’t connect to Polkadot as a parachain, you can skip this step, as there’s no need to acquire coretime or implement [Cumulus](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/build-pdk#cumulus){target=\_blank} .
```

Reviewer: What do you think about this? I think it is more straightforward
